APPENDIX

Description of the output data tables


###File: AreaOperatorSimple
    Describes the operators existing in the areas using the name of the
    operator and an operator abbreviation. All the areas should have an
    operator. One operator can be working in more than one area. This 
    table relates to the Area_GISObject table by INDEX3

###File: Areas_GISObjects
    This is the main table for the hydrocarbon operation areas that have
    been defined by the Neuquen Province. This table lists all the areas
    by their name and also contains information about the object ID in the
    provinces database map (which is a graphical file), the surface area,
    in squared kilometers, the perimeter in kilometers, an index that
    refers to the OperatorSimple table (PERATOR_INDEX3) and and index to
    the contract type in each area (CONTRACT_INDEX2). This table has an 
    index of its own as well which should help for expansions.

###File: ContractSimple
    This table shows the kinds of contracts that can exist in the various
    areas. This table has an index that realtes to the Areas_GISObjects
    INDEX(2)

###File: AreaNumberObjNumber
This table should allow joining the Areas table with the Wells Table 
First Column: ID_NQN 
    This column is present in the Main WellsSimpleIndexW.
    This indicates in which area a well is located but the index is
    its own. This index matches one to one with object gis in the
    Areas Table
Second Column: ID_BLOQUE
    This column contains the sequential index of the areas as described
    in the Areas_GISObjects table.

File: Fields_Simple
    This table is complex. The table contains the field name to which
    each well has been assigned. One oil or gas field can contain one or
    many wells. The complexity in this tables is that the field names that
    we use are not exactly the same that existed in the original table. The
    names had to be stripped of some numeric values and in some cases non-
    english languaje characters

File: Fluids_Simple
    The table contains the categories for type of fluid that could be produced
    by well. There are ten categories, each of which has an index that realtes
    to the WellsSimpleIndexW table. Additional columns are the name of the 
    fluid in English and the phase observed at the surface.A liquid fluid in 
    subsurface may be produced as gas at the surface (e.g. water vapor)

File: ResourceSimple
    This table classifies the type of resources by categories that are used in
    modern times. In the past all resources were conventionals but now we have
    unconventional resources that require fracking. There are four categories
    abbreviations, each with its index, and we have included the name of the
    resource, what type of sealing mechanism is present, the trapping mechanism,
    and the typical porosity observed for each resource type.

File: Rock_Simple
    This table summarizes the rock formations targetted for each well. Not all
    formations produce everywhere in the territory. The rock formations have been
    described by an abbreviation, the type of resource typical of each formations
    the relative commercial importance (present or future), and how much of the
    province is covered by each rock formation (in percentaje).
    The index ID (FM_ID) which relates to the wells via an index of the same name.

File: WellsSimpleIndexP
    This is the most important table in the dataset. The index for the table is
    wid and gicves a number to each well. The wells are named by the Neuquen Province
    as unique items, otherwise a lot of problems can happen. This table also 
    contains the well names as a string, the short name that is used in maps, the
    elevation (of the well head, above sea level), the total depth of the well, an
    id that relates to the hydrocarbon areas defined by the government, the location
    of the well expresed as latitude and longitude, and after that a series of
    indexes that relate to the other entities described elsewhere in this report.
        f_id is the oil/gas field index
        rid is the index to the type of resource targetted by the well
        geometry_id is the index to the orientation of the well with respect to 
                    vertical direction (horizontal wells are ~90 degress to vertical)
        op_id is the operator of the well (which sometimes is not the operator of
            the hydrocarbon area)
        st_id is the status of the well
        fm_id is the rock formation targetted by the well


FileStatus_Simple
    This table explains the nomenclature used to say if a well is active (Activo)
    and producing some fluid and has an index that relates to the WellsSimpleIndexP







